Would you rather: Be Napoleon or Be Julius Caesar
Would you rather: Have extremely muscular arms or Have extremely muscular legs
Would you rather: Live to be 200 in colonial times or Live a normal lifespan modern day
Would you rather: Star in a cartoon movie or Star in a live action movie
Would you rather: Wear high heels or Wear a dress
Would you rather: Only dance the charleston or Only dance the macarena
Would you rather: Own a horse in the city  or Own a cat in the country
Would you rather: Have an un-attractive child or Have a beautiful child with bright blue skin
Would you rather: Not wear shoes for the rest of your life or Not drive a car for the rest of your life
Would you rather: Live in a nudist colony or Live with the Amish
Would you rather: Be Cinderella or Be Ariel
Would you rather: Begin every sentence with "I'mma let you finish" or End every sentence with "...in bed"
Would you rather: Have X-ray Vision or Have laser vision
Would you rather: Room with Snoop Dogg or Room with Bob Marley
Would you rather: Date Topanga from Boy Meets World or Date Pam from The Office
Would you rather: Be psychokinetic or Be telepathic
Would you rather: Shotgun a beer or Funnel a beer
Would you rather: Be caught at home watching Sex and the City by yourself or Be caught in a bar with a pink martini in hand
Would you rather: See how or what created civilization or See how or what ends civilization 
Would you rather: Have hair covering your entire body or Be completely bald
Would you rather: Win the lottery or Live twice as long
Would you rather: Be a Prince/Princess or Be a Mermaid/man
Would you rather: Be married to a morbidly obese and ugly person who is incredibly wealthy or Be married to a georgous person who is on welfare
Would you rather: Be known as a racist or Be known as a sexist
Would you rather: Eat the same thing 3 meals a day for the rest of your life or Eat whatever you want but have to eat a poop sandwich once a month
Would you rather: Hang out with Pooh Bear or Hang out with Baloo from the Jungle Book
Would you rather: Be Calvin or Be Hobbes
Would you rather: Have your hands switched for Dustpans or Be sweating jam instead of sweat
Would you rather: Never play computer games again or Never watch any video on a computer again
Would you rather: Play Beirut (Beerpong) or Play Flip-Cup
Would you rather: Bet it all on black or Bet it all on red
Would you rather: Always be overdressed or Always be underdressed
Would you rather: Listen to everything but your favorite musician/artist or Listen to only your favorite musician/artist
Would you rather: Be eaten by a zombie or Be burnt at the stake
Would you rather: String your opponent along for the entire fight or Crush them from the beginning
Would you rather: Be hunted by Jack Bauer or Be hunted by Jason Bourne
Would you rather: Ride in a hot air balloon or Ride in a hovercraft
Would you rather: Have a jello room or Have a pillow room
Would you rather: Be painted by Van Gogh or Be painted by Da Vinci
Would you rather: Be able to only speak in lolspeak or Be able to only type in 1337 speak 
Would you rather: Catch your best male friend sleeping with your mom or Catch your best male friend sleeping with your sister
Would you rather: Sneeze every three minutes or Always have the sensation to sneeze and never do
Would you rather: Have an average house in the middle of a city or Have a mansion miles away from civilization
Would you rather: Win an Oscar or Win the Nobel Prize
Would you rather: Have a Pepsi or Have a Coke
Would you rather: Have to sleep 3 hours everyday or Have to sleep 15 hours everyday
Would you rather: Be the home maker or Be the bread winner
Would you rather: Have a 1st Edition Holographic Charizard or Get $20
Would you rather: Be called out for stupidity or Admit stupidity
Would you rather: Be unable to experience sadness or Be unable to experience anger
Would you rather: Own an Xbox 360 or Own a PS3
Would you rather: Be an elephant or Be a mouse
Would you rather: Be Matt Damon or Be Ben Affleck
Would you rather: Be Gonzo or Be The Cookie Monster
Would you rather: Be topless all the time or Be pantless all the time
Would you rather: Only eat or Only drink
Would you rather: Be attractive and poor or Be ugly and rich
Would you rather: Your partner have a homosexual affair or Your partner have a heterosexual affair 
Would you rather: Smell like manure or Smell like urine
Would you rather: Not be able to taste or Not be able to smell
Would you rather: Play a game of Quidditch or Take a field trip with Ms. Frizzle
Would you rather: Be Super Grover or Be Quail Man
Would you rather: Always have fingernails 5 inches or longer or Have a snorkel on your face permanently
Would you rather: Dance like Michael Jackson or Sing like Freddie Mercury
Would you rather: Return a punt in an NFL game or Spend 90 seconds in the ring with Mike Tyson in his prime
Would you rather: Not be able to feel any pain or Have extremely brittle bones
Would you rather: Attempt to survive a computer uprising (Terminator) or Attempt to survive a zombie outbreak (Dawn of the Dead)
Would you rather: Never again play a game on your computer or Never again play a console or portable device game
Would you rather: Be famous in this lifetime or Go down in the history books
Would you rather: Have a college/university named after you or Have a sports stadium named after you
Would you rather: Have no tongue or Have no teeth
Would you rather: Get married to someone you don't love or Get married to the love of your life, but you can never have sex with them
Would you rather: Only use Windows or Only use Macintosh
Would you rather: Be sent into space without enough oxygen or Be thrown naked into a pit of deadly scorpions
Would you rather: Play a game of one on one with Michael Jordan or Play a game of one on one with Kobe Bryant 
Would you rather: Find out your girlfriend is pregnant (as in the next ten seconds)  or Find out you can never have kids again
Would you rather: Have your elbow joints facing the opposite direction or Have you knees facing backwards.
Would you rather: Have narcolepsy or Have chronic insomnia
Would you rather: Be dangled over the edge of a cliff  or Be forced to public speak
Would you rather: Sport a key-chain nipple ring or Have a wardrobe that is made of up outfits worn by Scooby-Doo characters
Would you rather: Have the voice of the opposite sex or Have the muscle mass/bodybuild of the opposite sex
Would you rather: Be Chev Chelios from Crank or Be The Transporter
Would you rather: Have a lover who only speaks on Mondays or Have a lover who only speaks in Pig Latin
Would you rather: Be able to fly or Be able to breathe underwater
Would you rather: Punch a pilgrim or Eat an avocado
Would you rather: Live in the past or Live in the future
Would you rather: Be rich or Be famous
Would you rather: Be Emo or Be Gothic
Would you rather: Kill one person you know or Kill three strangers
Would you rather: Have a beer belly or Have three chins
Would you rather: Eat Lay's Potato Chips or Eat Pringles
Would you rather: Be unable to open doors unassisted or Be unable to climb stairs unassisted
Would you rather: Know when you will die or Know how you will die
Would you rather: Get 4 hours of sleep per night or Get 15 hours of sleep per night
Would you rather: Death by electric chair or Death by lethal injection
Would you rather: Be on GUTS or Be on Legends of the Hidden Temple
Would you rather: Watch Are You Afraid of The Dark? or Read Goosebumps
Would you rather: Skip Summer or Skip Winter
Would you rather: Control the emotions of those around you or Control the weather
Would you rather: Steal an elderly woman's purse or Tell 10 orphans that Christmas is cancelled
Would you rather: Teach history or Teach math
Would you rather: Be known as a drug dealer or Be known as a liar
Would you rather: Live in Boston or Live in New York City
Would you rather: Break an arm, with a slightly painful infection or Break a leg
Would you rather: Stop showering or Stop brushing your teeth.
Would you rather: Never be able to compliment or Never be able to complain
Would you rather: Have an uncontrollable itch that attacks at sporradic times or Always have chapped lips
Would you rather: Regurgitate food to feed them or Lick your children to bathe them
Would you rather: Speak every language except the language of the country you're currently in or Speak only the language of the country you're in, but know the meaning of every single word in that language
Would you rather: Eat nothing but ketchup for a week or Eat nothing but mustard for a week
Would you rather: Be Dr. Zoidberg or Be Kif
Would you rather: Only speak in words that begin with H or Not be able to say any words that have the letter E in them
Would you rather: Live in the Star Wars universe or Live in the Star Trek universe
Would you rather: Watch LOST or Watch The Office
Would you rather: Start your own business which is doomed to fail or Work for other people at low salaries
Would you rather: Be a hawk or Be a shark
Would you rather: Be the first killed in a group or Be the last killed in a group
Would you rather: Be as you are now or Have 100 million dollars, but have a 5% chance of instant death
Would you rather: Have to learn how to walk again or Have to learn about every date in history and why they were important.
Would you rather: Be a Slytherin or Be a Gryffindor
Would you rather: Be deaf and have no legs or Be blind and have no arms
Would you rather: Be credited with the invention of the wheel or Be credited with the invention of the Internet
Would you rather: Take the Cinnamon Challenge or Take the Gallon Challenge
Would you rather: Be in jail for a year or Live in complete isolation in the mountains for a year
Would you rather: Play Dodgeball or Play Four Square
Would you rather: Always know when people are lying or Always get away with lying
Would you rather: Vacation in New York City or Vacation in Tokyo
Would you rather: Be killed in a Saw movie or Be killed in a Final Destination movie
Would you rather: Save Abraham Lincoln  or Save J.F.K
Would you rather: Be a manly woman or Be a womenly man
Would you rather: Go on a magic carpet ride with Jasmine or Take Cinderella to the ball
Would you rather: Constantly have a 40 pound weight on your shoulders or Constantly have 10 pound weights on each of your feet
Would you rather: Wear pants too high or Wear pants too low
Would you rather: Have no eyebrows or Have a unibrow
Would you rather: Give a speech to the whole nation or Have to sleep with tarantulas on your bed
Would you rather: Only wear revealing hot pink clothes or Always have to wear socks and sandals
Would you rather: Prevent World War II or Win a life changing amount of money in a lottery
Would you rather: Only speak in questions or Only speak in movie quotes
Would you rather: Discover the Loch Ness Monster or Discover Sasquatch 
Would you rather: Have no hands or Have a naked fat guy stalking you at all times
Would you rather: Wear an eyepatch or Have a peg leg
Would you rather: Be black in a white neighborhood or Be white in a black neighborhood
Would you rather: Have the ability to teleport or Be able to time travel
Would you rather: Stab yourself in the stomach with a 5 inch blade or Cut off the tips of all your own fingers
Would you rather: Magically flip genders every year or Be forced to move and start fresh every year
Would you rather: Have to kill the animal for any meat you eat or Never eat meat again
Would you rather: Play Goldeneye (N64) or Play Halo (Xbox)
Would you rather: Lose your preferred hand or Lose your preferred foot
Would you rather: Sound like Kermit or Look like Miss Piggy
Would you rather: Be a contestant on Wheel of Fortune or Be a contestant on Jeopardy
Would you rather: Always be sweating or Always appear shivering cold
Would you rather: Fight Jackie Chan or Fight Jet Li
Would you rather: Fight 100 third graders, one at a time or Fight 50 third graders at the same time
Would you rather: Fight in the Civil War or Fight in the Revolutionary War
Would you rather: Be godzilla or Be king kong
Would you rather: Be a Montague or Be a Capulet
Would you rather: Have all fingernails and toenails removed quickly or Deep papercuts on the webbing between each finger and toe slowly
Would you rather: Eat a worm straight from the ground or Snatch a fly out of the air and eat it alive
Would you rather: Only drink black coffee or Only eat dry cereal 
Would you rather: Always dissappoint people or Always anger people
Would you rather: Have a Monster Truck or Have a chariot with horses
Would you rather: Be hysterically funny or Be absolutely beautiful
Would you rather: Get B's and C's at an Ivy League school or Get A's at a standard university
Would you rather: Have two sets of twins or Quadruplets
Would you rather: Have a lisp or Have a lazy eye
Would you rather: Burn to death or Drown 
Would you rather: Run fast or Jump high
Would you rather: Actually have to laugh out loud every time you type LOL, haha, lmao, etc or Always have to replicate the face of any emoticon you use
Would you rather: Go to jail for life or Have the death penalty
Would you rather: Have to get around on all fours all the time or Only make animal noises
Would you rather: Watch The Sandlot or Watch The Goonies
Would you rather: Spend a day with Taylor Swift or Spend a day with Beyonce
Would you rather: Be a horse jockey or Be a NASCAR driver
Would you rather: Be a cat or Be a dog
Would you rather: Win the Nobel Peace Prize or Find a cure for a terminal disease
Would you rather: Stare at the sun for 2 minutes or Drink a liter of scalding water
Would you rather: Stop using YouTube or Stop using Facebook
Would you rather: Lose your front teeth in a skateboarding accident or Break your hands on a bike
Would you rather: Watch Seinfeld or Watch The Simpsons
Would you rather: Have no family or Have no friends
Would you rather: Get electrocuted for 10 seconds or Get slapped 20 times
Would you rather: Use a touchscreen on all your devices or Use a mouse and keyboard on all your devices
Would you rather: Be blind or Be dumb
Would you rather: Raise a family with Samuel L. Jackson or Raise a family with Vin Diesel
Would you rather: Stare at the sun for 5 seconds after being in a dark room for 5 hours or Have one eye replaced with a glass eye for the rest of your life
Would you rather: Be Rosa Parks or Be Harriet Tubman
Would you rather: Cure cancer or Make first contact with an alien race
Would you rather: Be a nerd or Be a jock
Would you rather: Use only Windows ME for the rest of your life or Use only a 16 inch CRT monitor
Would you rather: Always tell the truth or Always lie
Would you rather: Inform a room of first grade students that their favorite pets have died tragically or Explain to a room of first grade students how sex works in graphic detail
Would you rather: Own a pet snake or Own a pet turtle
Would you rather: Speak in only ebonics or Understand no slang whatsoever
Would you rather: Make out with your cousin or Wear cutoff shorts your whole life, never taking them off
Would you rather: Go to heaven or hell or Be reborn into a better/worse life
Would you rather: Be a sports star or Be a celebrated academic
Would you rather: Be a centaur or Be a mermaid/man
Would you rather: Be the guy from Memento or Be the guy from Groundhog Day
Would you rather: Not be able to sit or Not be able to stand
Would you rather: Have the voice of PeeWee Herman and dress perfectly or Have the voice of Morgan Freeman and dress terribly
Would you rather: Watch Batman (1989) or Watch The Dark Knight (2008)
Would you rather: Beat up a 7 year old or Beat up a 77 year old
Would you rather: Be convicted as a corrupt politician or Be convicted as a corrupt Fortune 500 CEO
Would you rather: Dress only in styles famous 15 years ago or Dress only the way you did when you were 15
Would you rather: Have to end every sentence with a racial epithet or Have to drop two f-bombs in every sentence
Would you rather: Be allergic to babies or Be allergic to elderly people
Would you rather: Get Swine Flu or Get West Nile
Would you rather: Have knee length hair or Have a 1 foot tall mohawk
Would you rather: Work under Captain Kirk or Work under Captain Picard
Would you rather: Have long curly hair or Have short straight hair
Would you rather: Have a large painting of yourself or Have a life size sculpture of yourself
Would you rather: Always Run or Always Crawl 
Would you rather: Kill 5 innocent children yourself if it would end all bloodshed in the Middle East for 25 years or Have ongoing wars, terrorism and fighting in the Middle East
Would you rather: Live until 80 in poverty or Live until 40 in riches
Would you rather: Lose your preferred thumb or Lose the index and middle finger of your preferred hand
Would you rather: Eat fast food burgers every night or Eat Chinese Take-out every night
Would you rather: Be a professional Taser testee or Be a professional beanbag gun testee
Would you rather: Get $20,000 worth of jewelry or Get $10,000 worth of electronics
Would you rather: Be Wilma Flintstone or Be Velma from the Scooby Doo mystery gang
Would you rather: Have grown up without a father or Have grown up without a mother
Would you rather: Erase Canada off the map or Erase New Jersey off the map
Would you rather: Be a character on LOST or Be a character on Heroes
Would you rather: Always be hot or Always be cold
Would you rather: Skittles or M&M's
Would you rather: Eat Fruit Roll Ups or Eat Fruit by the Foot
Would you rather: Have every commercial be an annoying Geico ad for the rest of your life or Have every commercial be a Verizon "Can you hear me now?" ad for the rest of your life
Would you rather: Have an incredibly nice car or Own a personal helicopter
Would you rather: Always wear a top hat or Always wear a giant clock necklace
Would you rather: Only have a 1st grade education or Live in a world where everyone else only has a 1st grade education
Would you rather: Be 4 feet tall or Be 10 feet tall
Would you rather: Yell a swear between every word or Get punched in the face after every swear
Would you rather: Be telekinetic or Be telepathic
Would you rather: Be in a car accident that kills only you or Be responsible for a car accident where you live but your five closest friends and family die
Would you rather: Have a high salary in a job you hate or Have a low salary in a job you love
Would you rather: Have your blood sucked by a vampire or Have your brain eaten by a zombie
Would you rather: Always look 8 months pregnant or Always have a black eye
Would you rather: Do 10,000 jumping jacks without a break or Do 2,000 sit-ups without a break
Would you rather: Be invincible or Be invisible
Would you rather: Always dress like royalty or Always dress like a pimp
Would you rather: Live without your cell phone or Live without your iPod
Would you rather: Perform petty thievery for a living or Perform grand larceny for a living
Would you rather: Wake up in a bathtub full of ice missing a kidney or Wake up in a public bathroom with a handful of singles and a really lazy eye
Would you rather: Be horribly and hopelessly depressed or Have inescapable overwhelming anxiety
Would you rather: Have bright blue hair or Have bright blue teeth
Would you rather: Get gas every time you are around the sex you are attracted to or Burp after every time you kiss
Would you rather: Wear only skin tight clothing or Wear clothes that are much too big
Would you rather: Spend a day in the Sahara Desert or Spend a day in the North Pole
Would you rather: Be a pirate or Be a ninja
Would you rather: Open a can of whoop-ass on a fool or Pity a fool
Would you rather: Have a British accent or Have an Australian accent
Would you rather: Travel the world confined to a wheelchair or Spend your whole life in the same 200 miles radius
Would you rather: Wear the same thing every day or Never wear the same clothes twice
Would you rather: Produce a low-budget film with your best friends and have the time of your life or Produce a Hollywood blockbuster with people you detest and make a ton of money
Would you rather: Be in a room filled with people dying or Be the only person in the big empty room
Would you rather: Lose an arm and one foot or Lose a leg and one hand
Would you rather: Have holes put through both hands and both feet via nails and a hammer or Go for 40 days in the desert without food
Would you rather: Be infertile or Have a child that passes away before age 5
Would you rather: Only read romance novels or Only read textbooks
Would you rather: Be hung by a noose or Be decapitated by a guillotine
Would you rather: Give up Christmas or Give up your birthday
Would you rather: Be a Jedi or Be a Sith
Would you rather: Only read Marvel or Only read DC Comics
Would you rather: Only eat breakfast cereal or Only eat pasta
Would you rather: Have a child in 7th grade and raise it or Never have kids/adopt
Would you rather: Have a stomach ache or Have a headache
Would you rather: Be attractive, but get punched in the face every morning or Be ugly
Would you rather: Drive 200 miles well over the legal drunken limit or Drive 200 miles after being awake for 72 hours straight
Would you rather: Wear the KKK robes for life or Tattoo Swastikas on both of your cheeks
Would you rather: Live in a treehouse or Live in a floating boathouse
Would you rather: Eat a live gerbil or Remove your own appendix with nothing but a shoe horn
Would you rather: Never be able to leave your native country or Never be able to drive
Would you rather: Sleep in a room a little too warm or Sleep in a room a little too cold
Would you rather: Be a graphic designer or Be an architect
Would you rather: Become a superhero or Become a supervillian
Would you rather: Be John Lennon or Be Paul McCartney
Would you rather: Spend a year alone in a deep sea submarine or Spend a year alone in a space station
Would you rather: Play Firefight (Halo ODST) or Play Horde (Gears of War)
Would you rather: Be a police officer or Be a firefighter
Would you rather: Be stalked by a ghost for your entire life or Be stalked by a demon for three days then die
Would you rather: Be bald everywhere or Be Albino
Would you rather: Punch every trick or treater that knocks on your door in the face or Answer the door for trick or treaters completely naked
Would you rather: Be the last human left on Earth or Be dead
Would you rather: Eat a container of butter or Drink a bottle of maple syrup
Would you rather: Only be able to laugh at blonde jokes or Not be able to understand sarcasm
Would you rather: Have Pokemon be real or Superheroes exist
Would you rather: Die from hypothermia (cold) or Die from hyperthermia (heat)
Would you rather: Read the Iliad or Read the Odyssey
Would you rather: Change your religion or Change your political party
Would you rather: Die on The Hindenburg or Die on The Titanic
Would you rather: Fight Hulk Hogan or Fight Dwayne "The Rock " Johnson
Would you rather: Have a lightsaber or Have a helper monkey
Would you rather: Wrestle an alligator or Wrestle a bear
Would you rather: Have 50% of your body burned or 100% of your body tattooed
Would you rather: Have comically large feet or Have a comically oversized head
Would you rather: Be an olympic tennis player or Be an olympic table tennis player
Would you rather: Only be able to laugh at violently racist jokes or Only be able to laugh at intricate Star Trek jokes 
Would you rather: Eat fruit or Eat vegetables
Would you rather: Get an Atomic Wedgie or Get a Swirly 
Would you rather: Speak everything in surround sound or Have your own entrance theme when you walk in a room
Would you rather: Be anorexic or Be obese
Would you rather: Be allergic to peanut butter or Be allergic to chocolate
Would you rather: Have a giant birthmark covering 78% of your face or Have a two foot tail
Would you rather: Only speak in haiku or Only speak in song lyrics
Would you rather: Be loved or Be feared
Would you rather: Have uncontrollable Ear Hair or Have uncontrollable Nose Hair
Would you rather: Get caught cheating or Catch your partner cheating
Would you rather: Absolutely reek of armpits for the rest of your life or Lose your sense of smell completely
Would you rather: Run 26 miles or Swim 5 miles
Would you rather: Eat a 4 inch circumference venomous spider or An equally venomous wasp
Would you rather: Be known for interrupting Taylor Swift or Be known for smacking Rihanna
Would you rather: Eat a five course meal in front of 10 starving children or Steal the bucket from 5 salvation army Santas
Would you rather: Be sick for the rest of your life or Kill 2 puppies
Would you rather: Be a Vampire or Be a Werewolf
Would you rather: Live an average life and be forgotten in time or Go down in history for something terrible
Would you rather: Be a rock star or Be a movie star
Would you rather: Be a spouse of a polygamist or Never have a relationship last longer than 2 years
Would you rather: Make out with Gollum or Hook up with Beetlejuice (from the movie)
Would you rather: Live in ancient Greece or Live in ancient Egypt
Would you rather: Be a heavy smoker or Be a heavy drinker
Would you rather: Be resistant to cold and impossible to freeze to death or Be resistant to heat and impossible to burn to death
Would you rather: Jump off a two story roof or Take a sandwich tackle from 3 rugby players
Would you rather: Win the World Series or Win the Superbowl
Would you rather: Be a leper or Be a midget
Would you rather: Have your house burnt down by a fire breathing dragon or Have your house blown down by the big bad wolf
Would you rather: Only listen to The Beatles or Only listen to The Rolling Stones
Would you rather: Be Batman or Be Superman
Would you rather: Chug a pint of ocean salt water or Chug a pint of rancid milk
Would you rather: Have loved and lost or Never loved at all
Would you rather: Watch a volcano erupt or Witness a meteor hitting Earth
Would you rather: Have paparazzi follow you around or Reveal a different secret about yourself in a weekly newspaper column
Would you rather: Have stretchable legs or Have stretchable arms
Would you rather: Only drink Starbucks coffee or Only drink Dunkin Donuts coffee
Would you rather: Be stabbed in the stomach 10 times or Be shot in both kneecaps
Would you rather: Only listen to bagpipe music or Only listen to banjo music
Would you rather: Marry at age ten or Never marry at all
Would you rather: Be male or Be female
Would you rather: Watch your favorite movie on repeat for a full day or Watch Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist once
Would you rather: Live in a giant shoe or Live in a giant peach
Would you rather: Call the police but they don't get there in time or Intervene and save a life but take an equally horrific beating
Would you rather: Have a slight lisp or Have a slight cockeye
Would you rather: Give up buttons and zippers or Give up velcro and knots
Would you rather: Snort one crushed up Altoid Mint (spearmint)  or Take a shot (1.5 oz.) of Tabasco Sauce
Would you rather: Date someone who always looks 12 or Date someone who always looks 80
Would you rather: Run upstairs and barricade the second floor or Sequester yourselves in the cellar
Would you rather: Only be able to whisper or Only be able to shout
Would you rather: Live alone on a tropical island or Live with other people in Antarctica 
Would you rather: Not know how to read or Not know how to write
Would you rather: Be a genius in a world of unintelligent people or Be unintelligent in a world of geniuses
Would you rather: Always have bad hair or Always have bad teeth
Would you rather: Watch only dramas for the rest of your life or Watch only comedies for the rest of your life
Would you rather: Be an excellent singer or Be a superb writer
Would you rather: Get $100 today or Get $1 a day for 200 days
Would you rather: Live in a penthouse in the city or Live in a mansion in the country
Would you rather: Have extreme narcolepsy or Have a bad case of Tourette's
Would you rather: Check your email first every morning or Check your social networks first every morning
Would you rather: Skydive or Bungie Jump
Would you rather: Be one of King Arthur's Knights of the Round Table or Be one of Robin Hood's Merry Men
Would you rather: Be the head chef on a luxury cruise liner or Be the head chef in the White House
Would you rather: Be famous for inventing the Whoopie Cushion or Be famous for inventing snap bracelets
Would you rather have a family and no money, or no family, and three million dollars? 
Would you rather forget your password every weekend or forget your name every time you meet someone for the first time? 
Would you rather be stuck on a broken ski lift or in a broken elevator? 
Would you rather have eyes the size of a baseball or have eyes the size of a pea? 
Would you rather always have to ride a unicycle to get to work/school or always have to use a pogo stick to get to work/school? 
Would you rather wear a T-Shirt the wrong way around while giving a speech or have toilet paper stuck on the bottom of your shoe while giving a speech? 
Would you rather want to live in a world full of Scientologists or live in a world full of Flat Earthers? 
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago? 
Would you rather always feel like you’re about to sneeze or always feel like you’re about to poop? 
Would you rather be a carrot or be a pickle? 
Would you rather fart loudly in an elevator or fart loudly in a public restroom with an occupant the next stall over? 
Would you rather be covered in fur or be covered in scales? 
Would you rather be immortal or have 9 lives? 
Would you rather wear adult diapers or change an adult’s diaper? 
Would you rather poop bricks or puke snakes for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather have eyebrows that never stop growing or eyelashes that never stop growing? 
Would you rather buy 10 things that you don’t need every time you go shopping or always forget the one thing that you need when you go to the store? 
Would you rather have a horse’s tail or unicorn horn? 
Would you rather have to lick people’s cheeks whenever they go to shake your hand or scream, “I didn’t wash my hands!” to all of your co-workers every time you come back from the bathroom? 
Would you rather win the lottery or live twice as long? 
Would you rather be allergic to babies or be allergic to elderly people? 
Would you rather be a chicken or a pig? 
Would you rather lock eyes with a stranger through the bathroom stall or accidentally walk in on your boss on the toilet? 
Would you rather dance the Macarena for an hour straight in front of your partner’s parents, or have your partner do the Macarena dance for an hour straight in front of your parents? 
Would you rather be naked all the time or never leave your home again? 
Would you rather get away with lying every time or always know that someone is lying? 
Would you rather wear the same socks for a month or the same underwear for two weeks? 
Would you rather live without coffee or without chocolate? 
Would you rather be able to fly everywhere you want or be invisible? 
Would you rather have the nose of a dog or the eyes of a dog? 
Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button in your life? 
Would you rather clog the toilet at your workplace or at your crush’s house? 
Would you rather sniff a dog’s butt or sniff a stranger’s butt? 
Would you rather be a dragon or a unicorn? 
Would you rather laugh uncontrollably when you’re sad or cry like a baby when you’re happy? 
Would you rather go into the past and meet your ancestors or go into the future and meet your great-great-grandchildren? 
Would you rather have to shake hands with everyone you walk past on the street or bow to everyone you walk past? 
Would you rather have a dog with a cat’s personality or a cat with a dog’s personality? 
Would you rather all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to queue again? 
Would you rather only be able to speak in rhyme or only be able to speak using alliteration? 
Would you rather never wear underwear again or never wear socks again? 
Would you rather have no fingers or have no toes? 
Would you rather begin every sentence with “According to my calculations,” or end every sentence with “Period”. 
Would you rather get sprayed by a skunk or get stung by a whole wasps’ nest? 
Would you rather have an annoying high-pitched voice or an incredibly deep voice? 
Would you rather be able to take back anything you say or hear any conversation about you? 
Would you rather start a colony on another planet or be the leader of a small country on earth? 
Would you rather allow others to see everything you do for a day or hear everything you say for a day? 
Would you rather get burps that smell like donuts or get farts that produce rainbow clouds? 
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane? 
Would you rather travel 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future? 
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body, depicting what you did yesterday? 
Would you rather be a self-made millionaire or marry a billionaire? 
Would you rather find a hair in your last bite of Sandwich or a bug at the bottom of your drink? 
Would you rather your parents or your siblings pick your future spouse? 
Would you rather give up showering for a month or give up the internet for a month? 
Would you rather poop out one butter knife or poop 1000 liters of mayonnaise? 
Would you rather whisper all the time or shout all the time? 
Would you rather have a nose that never stops growing or have ears that never stop growing? 
Would you rather be able to talk to pigeons or read babies’ minds? 
Would you rather show up to work with no pants for the rest of your life or pee yourself in front of your co-workers every time you have a presentation? 
Would you rather your boss catch you dancing in front of the mirror or picking your nose? 
Would you rather explore the space or the ocean? 
Would you rather be a super slow lion or a super-fast sloth? 
Would you rather cuddle a koala or a cuddle a panda? 
Would you rather be dumb and happy or be intelligent and miserable? 
Would you rather live in a cave or a treehouse? 
Would you rather be bald or be forever cursed to have terrible haircuts? 
Would you rather have sex with a donkey and have no one know about it or not have sex with a donkey but have people thinking that you did? 
Would you rather realize halfway through a date that there’s something in your nose or that your zipper was open the whole time? 
Would you rather have an arranged marriage or never marry at all? 
Would you rather get sick every time after eating your favorite food or never eat your favorite food again? 
Would you rather have the worst hangover ever or have to read Memes about how hard it is to be a mom for a whole day? 
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons? 
Would you rather be glued to an airplane or a cruise ship? 
Would you rather do the first job you ever had for the rest of your life or have 10 babies? 
Would you rather be trapped inside your favorite video game, or have your favorite video game become alive in the real world? 
Would you rather be gossiped about or to be ignored forever? 
Would you rather hang from trees like a three-toed sloth or have sticky feet like a tree frog? 
Would you rather be filthy rich, but suffer from depression or be poor, but happy? 
Would you rather be incredibly happy, but forever alone or unhappy, but with the love of your life? 
Would you rather have the ability to rewind to a previous time in your life or have the ability to fast forward to a later time in your life? 
Would you rather be as you are now or have $100 million, but have a 5% chance of instant death every day? 
Would you rather be smart and unlucky or be dumb and really lucky? 
Would you rather like to know when you die or how you die? 
Would you rather stop climate change or end all wars on earth? 
Would you rather be able to read your partner’s mind or have a partner who can read your mind? 
Would you rather be stuck on an island with a Flat Earther or a Scientologist? 
Would you rather end world hunger or get every human on earth free health care? 
Would you rather have an abortion or give your baby away for adoption? 
Would you rather kill the president or the pope? 
Would you rather lose all your money or all your pictures? 
Would you rather be able to change the future or the past, just by imagining it? 
Would you rather be able to speak all human languages or talk to animals? 
Would you rather look like a child, but have the mind of an adult or look like an adult, but have the mind of a child? 
Would you rather sue a charity organization and win or sue a corrupt organization and lose? 
Would you rather live in a library where books are your only form of entertainment or live in a prison cell where you can access any channel on TV? 
Would you rather live in isolation or face your biggest fear once in a month? 
Would you rather never read another book or never hear another song? 
Would you rather be able to fly at walking speed or run at the speed of cars? 
Would you rather have everything you’ve ever wanted, but die in one year or live your life as it is now? 
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime a stranger committed? 
Would you rather kill one innocent person or kill five people who committed minor crimes? 
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die? 
Would you rather be the first to die from your friends or be the last to die from your friends? 
Would you rather believe in God or renounce God and have $1 Billion? 
Would you rather have a high salary in a job you hate or have a low salary in a job you love? 
Would you rather change your religion or change your political party? 
Would you rather be ugly and rich or be attractive and poor? 
Would you rather be extremely intelligent or be adored by every person on earth? 
Would you rather be able to read people’s minds or manipulate other people with your thoughts? 
Would you rather be unable to say what you think or always have to say what you think? 
Would you rather go through heartbreak 100 times and finally find someone you truly love or never experience heartbreak and be with someone you think you love? 
Would you rather be in a relationship with someone who never argues or be in a relationship with someone who never hugs? 
Would you rather find true love once, lose it and never find it again or have several happy relationships, but never find love? 
Would you rather change your appearance or change your personality? 
Would you rather have a child who is extremely intelligent but antisocial or have a child who is not the brightest but kind? 
Would you rather leave the one you love or be left by the one you love? 
Would you rather find your soulmate or have your dream job? 
Would you rather butcher your own meat for the rest of your life or never eat meat again? 
Would you rather have no thumbs or only have thumbs? 
Would you rather have a partner who is obsessed with you or who is cheating on you? 
Would you rather forget who you are or forget who everyone you know is? 
Would you rather kiss Boris Johnson or Donald Trump? 
Would you rather kill a family member to get 1 Million dollars or kill yourself to end all wars forever? 
Would you rather live a miserable, but eternal life or go straight to hell tomorrow? 
Would you rather taste the same flavor of food for the rest of your life or taste nothing ever again? 
Would you rather never be able to hear your favorite song again or never be able to watch your favorite movie again? 
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or one of your organs? 
Would you rather be mortal on an immortal planet or be immortal on a mortal planet? 
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any person of your choice, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar? 
Would you rather not be able to talk or not be able to walk? 
Would you rather have to end every sentence with a racial slur or drop two f-bombs in every sentence? 
Would you rather be sick for the rest of your life or kill a kitten? 
Would you rather never have sex again or never learn anything new? 
Would you rather save 2 relatives or save 100 strangers? 
Would you rather cuddle with a giant slug or cuddle with a giant spider? 
Would you rather be handcuffed to your worst enemy for life or be separated from your entire family? 
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat five cooked cockroaches? 
Would you rather be wanted for murder and be on the run or be a homeless man who only wears boxers? 
Would you rather know the exact time and place of your own death or know the exact time and place of death of everyone around you? 
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them or spend a day inside a stranger once a week without having any control of them? 
Would you rather run into your boss while wasted or run into your boss while high? 
Would you rather sacrifice your pet so you have something to eat or parts of your body so both you and your pet can eat? 
Would you rather be convicted of a crime you didn’t commit or kill and get away with it? 
Would you rather have a blurry vision all the time or see everything in black and white? 
Would you rather be abducted by aliens or possessed by a demon? 
Would you rather spit at an angry Mike Tyson or spit at an angry Bruce Lee? 
Would you rather be permanently thirsty or be permanently nauseous? 
Would you rather have whatever you think to appear above your head for everyone to see or have everything you do live-streamed for anyone to see? 
Would you rather chop off your own arm with a kitchen knife or be physically paralyzed? 
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long-term memories? 
Would you rather find true love or cure cancer? 
Would you rather be put in a maximum-security prison with criminals who committed murder for one year or in prison with people who committed minor crimes for ten years? 
Would you rather kill 3 innocent children if it would end all wars on earth, or continue living in a world with ongoing wars? 
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or be forced to eat only incredibly bland food? 
Would you rather spend the rest of your life always cold or spend the rest of your life always exhausted? 
Would you rather dip your foot in acid or set your foot on fire? 
Would you rather be stuck on an island with a killer or be stuck in the ocean with hungry sharks? 
Would you rather not be able to sit or not be able to stand? 
Would you rather have no penis or five penises? 
Would you rather pull all your fingernails out or pull all the teeth out of your mouth? 
Would you rather freeze to death or burn to death? 
Would you rather crap your pants in public once a year for the rest of your life or crap yourself in private every day for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather be a virgin forever or have sex with your brother/sister one time? 
Would you rather have uncontrollable gas at work for the rest of your life or have uncontrollable gas on every first date for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather live forever or die in the next five minutes? 
Would you rather smell like shit or smell like urine? 
Would you rather have uncontrollable ear hair or uncontrollable nose hair? 
Would you rather smell like shit and not know it or constantly be smelling poop that nobody else can smell? 
Would you rather give up cheese or give up oral sex? 
Would you rather get your tongue and all of your fingers cut off, one by one, or get your genitals removed? 
Would you rather have sex in a public place and have 200 strangers see you or have sex in your bedroom in front of your parents? 
Would you rather kill a baby with your bare hands, but afterward, everyone thinks you tried to save it or let that baby live, but afterward, everyone thinks you tried to kill it? 
Would you rather have to watch your parents have sex every night for the rest of your life or join in once to stop it? 
Would you rather suck a used tampon that you found on the street or suck a used condom that you found on the street? 
Would you rather fuck your girlfriend (boyfriend) with your mom’s (dad’s) body or fuck your mom (dad) with your girlfriend’s (boyfriend’s) body? 
Would you rather get a good handjob from your grandmother or get a bad handjob from your grandmother? 
Would you rather fuck a pig live on national television or be responsible for the death of someone? 
Would you rather eat out your grandmother or eat out a homeless person’s butthole? 
Would you rather be eaten by maggots from the inside out or ants from the outside in? 
Would you rather pee every time you stand up or poop every time you sit? 
Would you rather fuck the top half of Emma Watson with the bottom part of Hulk Hogan or fuck the top half of Hulk Hogan with the bottom half of Emma Watson? 
Would you rather get a throbbing erection every time you’re near a child or have to scream the N-word every time you hear the word “Obama”? 
Would you rather accidentally be responsible for the death of a child or accidentally be responsible for the deaths of three adults? 
Would you rather have no genitals or have no eyes? 
Would you rather have dicks for nipples or have vaginas for armpits? 
Would you rather always fart in colors or always fart loudly? 
Would you rather have a partner that likes to touch your poop or have a partner that likes to drink your piss? 
Would you rather be infertile or have a child that passes away before you? 
Would you rather abort a baby made with the person to your right or abort a baby made with the person to your left? 
Would you rather have taste buds on your asshole or poop through your mouth? 
Would you rather have no elbows or have no knees? 
Would you rather kill a kitten or a puppy? 
Would you rather always have sweaty hands or always have bad breath? 
Would you rather have dry eyes for the rest of your life or have a runny nose for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather drink a shot of your mother’s period blood or drink a shot of your father’s sperm? 
Would you rather forever bleed from your nose or remove one nail every morning? (FYI: They regrow). 
Would you rather eat shit once or have explosive diarrhea for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather remove your thumbnail with a fork or put a toothpick under your big toenail and kick a wall? 
Would you rather swallow sperm that tastes like piss, or get pissed on by your partner? 
Would you rather be caught cheating or catch your partner cheating? 
Would you rather have your body found on a pile of sex toys or a pile of drugs? 
Would you rather fart during sex or burp while kissing? 
Would you rather have sex with your cousin in secret or not have sex with your cousin, but everyone would think you did? 
Would you rather wear a chastity belt for a year or be someone’s sex slave for a year? 
Would you rather have sex with Megan Fox with a penis or Jason Momoa with a vagina? 
Would you rather give or receive a lap dance? 
Would you rather never have an orgasm again or know that your partner has never had an orgasm with you? 
Would you rather moan strangely or make an ugly face every time you come? 
Would you rather have sex with your best friend’s mother or father? 
Would you rather have sex in your parents’ bedroom or have sex in your old bedroom while your parents are at home? 
Would you rather be horny every day for the rest of your life or be horny only once a year? 
Would you rather have sex with someone who speaks all the time, or someone who doesn’t make a sound? 
Would you rather do the walk of shame or kick out a stranger of your house in the morning? 
Would you rather read an erotic novel or watch porn? 
Would you rather only have sex in the bedroom or only have sex outside of the bedroom? 
Would you rather do it with the lights on or off? 
Would you rather have sex in a dirty hotel bed or in a smelly public toilet? 
Would you rather walk around in public in your lingerie or walk around in public with a strap-on dildo? 
Would you rather have sex on the first date or hold off sex at the beginning of a relationship and wait for a month to do it? 
Would you rather have sex with your best friend or have sex with your ex? 
Would you rather sleep with your ex or sleep with a celebrity you hate? 
Would you rather give or receive oral sex? 
Would you rather get a blowjob while driving or get a blowjob at a restaurant? 
Would you rather have sex in the morning or in the evening? 
Would you rather never masturbate again or never eat solid food again? 
Would you rather have sex with someone who is very attractive but bad in bed, or with someone ugly but incredibly good in bed? 
Would you rather have extremely good foreplay but lousy sex or lousy foreplay but great sex? 
Would you rather be on the bottom or the top? 
Would you rather date someone who is a bad kisser or bad in bed? 
Would you rather have sex with or without a condom? 
Would you rather pay for sex or get paid for sex? 
Would you rather send a dirty text message to your boss or leave a sexy voice message to your mother? 
Would you rather fart while getting eaten out or burp while making out? 
Would you rather have kinky sex or vanilla sex? 
Would you rather have one partner or multiple partners? 
Would you rather sprain your ankle during sex or break your partner’s penis? 
Would you rather watch someone have sex or have someone watch you do it? 
Would you rather be tied to a bed and forgotten or have a sex toy lost inside you? 
Would you rather orgasm every time you sneeze or orgasm every time you yawn? 
Would you rather try out sexual role-play or try out BDSM? 
Would you rather let your partner dominant you when having sex or dominate your partner when having sex? 
Would you rather have sex missionary style or doggy style? 
Would you rather get choked or slapped while having sex? 
Would you rather walk around with an erection for six hours a day, or never have an erection again? 
Would you rather have anal sex or oral sex? 
Would you rather be a cam girl/boy or publish a sex tape of you? 
Would you rather join a gangbang or a threesome? 
Would you rather have sex with a biter or a screamer? 
Would you rather only be able to have sex while watching the scariest horror movie or only have sex while watching Dora The Explorer? 
Would you rather do romantic things in bed or try out some kinky stuff? 
Would you rather find out your partner slept with your parent or your partner slept with your best friend? 
Would you rather get fisted or fist someone else? 
Would you rather masturbate all day or have sex all day? 
Would you rather have your partner only be able to use their hands during foreplay, or have your partner only be able to use their mouth? 
Would you rather never have sex again or never masturbate again? 
Would you rather only have period sex for the rest of your life or have anal sex for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather have a threesome with a person you know or a stranger? 
Would you rather have a partner with a sex-addiction or a partner with a low sex drive? 
Would you rather have sex with my best friend or with your best friend? 
Would you rather try out fisting or double penetration? 
Would you rather cheat on your partner or suggesting having a threesome? 
Would you rather be fingered under the table of a restaurant or under the table at your parent’s house? 
Would you rather give someone a deepthroat blowjob, or have anal sex? 
Would you rather shout “I love Jesus” every time you come or shout “I have an STD” every time you come? 
Would you rather be bad at kissing or be bad at oral sex? 
Would you rather let your partner sleep with your best friend or sleep with your partner’s best friend? 
Would you rather have sex with someone who has a nice body but an ugly face or with someone who has an ugly body but a beautiful face? 
Would you rather swallow or spit? 
Would you rather only be able to have sex for 6 hours, or never have sex again? 
Would you rather never have sex again, or have to use Bing as a searching machine for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather have a partner who comes in 60 seconds or a partner who comes in 3 hours? 
Would you rather receive an alert every time your parents have sex, or have your office alerted every time you have sex? 
Would you rather have sex with someone who refuses to take their socks off, or with someone who has a weird orgasm face? 
Would you rather watch your partner masturbating or let your partner watch you masturbate? 
Would you rather have sex while blindfolded or while handcuffed? 
Would you rather have a partner who doesn’t like oral sex or a partner obsessed with anal sex? 
Would you rather have sex with someone with a German accent or a Russian accent? 
Would you rather eat out your partner’s ass or have your ass eaten out by your partner? 
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard? 
Would you rather get a paper cut between your fingers every time you turn a page or bite your tongue every time you eat food? 
Would you rather be able to turn something into reality by drawing it or make something disappear just by erasing it? 
Would you rather always be hungry no matter how much you eat or always be tired no matter how much you sleep? 
Would you rather have to fart loudly whenever you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss? 
ould you rather wash all your dishes using your tongue or wash your pets using your tongue? 
Would you rather have eyes that can film everything or ears that can record everything? 
Would you rather fight one human-sized cat or ten cat-sized humans? 
Would you rather never eat your favorite food again or only eat your favorite food for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather have all cats try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you? 
Would you rather have every movie spoiled for you before you watch it or not be able to watch a new movie until it’s been released for one year? 
Would you rather live at the same place for the rest of your life or move every 6 months to a different city? 
Would you rather win one million dollars today or 10 million dollars in ten years? 
Would you rather be able to make love with anyone you want or find your soulmate? 
Would you rather discover something great and spread it or discover something evil and prevent it? 
Would you rather be imprisoned for doing the right thing or arrested and released for doing the wrong thing? 
Would you rather share your home with a bunch of rats, or live with your parents forever? 
Would you rather always be itchy or always sweat? 
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them or animals beg for their lives before they are killed? 
Would you rather be homeless for 10 years and then be rich for the rest of your life or always be in the lower middle class but never homeless? 
Would you rather only drink water or never eat cookies again? 
Would you rather pull out all your pubes or pull out one fingernail? 
Would you rather spend a day with a loved one that has passed away or get to explore a day in the year 3001? 
Would you rather sleep with your boss to get a promotion or give up the promotion? 
Would you rather go to college but make no money afterward or be a dropout but become a millionaire? 
Would you rather always have really slow internet or always have a terrible phone signal? 
Would you rather recycling human poop as a profession for the rest of your life or work with dangerous and explosive chemicals for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather know the history of every person you touch or be able to talk to animals? 
Would you rather always be ten minutes late or always be twenty minutes early? 
Would you rather use sandpaper for toilet paper or use vinegar for eye drops? 
Would you rather always have a pebble in your shoe or always have an eyelash in your eye? 
Would you rather smell like shit all the time without noticing it or smell like shit, but only you can smell it? 
Would you rather every shirt you wear to be itchy or only be able to use one ply of toilet paper? 
Would you rather remember every conversation you have or remember everything that you read? 
Would you rather live in a house full of cheese or chocolate? 
Would you rather die if you didn’t slap a new person on the butt every 12 hours or die if you didn’t kill someone every two years? 
Would you rather never be able to feel emotions or never be able to show emotions? 
Would you rather be Kim Kardashian, or watch one episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians every day for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather have every cat that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s socks that get lost in the washing machine teleported to your house? 
Would you rather have a fire breath like a dragon or poop chocolate? 
Would you rather be super funny or super smart? 
Would you rather brush your teeth with hot sauce or drink sour milk? 
Would you rather have a dragon or a unicorn as a pet? 
Would you rather in your house was a single color or every single wall and door be a different color? 
Would you rather have a magic carpet that flies or have a see-through submarine? 
Would you rather be able to walk on all fours or only be able to walk sideways like a crab? 
Would you rather never have to sleep again or never have to go to the toilet again? 
Would you rather eat your favorite food every day or find 5 dollars under your pillow every morning? 
Would you rather have an elephant-sized cat or a cat-sized elephant? 
Would you rather dance in front of 5000 people or sing in front of 5000 people? 
Would you rather eat a whole onion or a whole lemon? 
Would you rather live in a castle or in a spaceship? 
Would you rather drink every meal like a smoothie or never be able to eat chocolate again? 
Would you rather be able to text very fast or be able to read incredibly quickly? 
Would you rather be able to change colors like a chameleon or hold your breath for as long as a whale? 
Would you rather get ten mosquito bites or get one bee sting? 
Would you rather be able to read minds or see into the future? 
Would you rather be a famous actor/actress or a famous singer? 
Would you rather be able to jump as far as a kangaroo or run as fast as a cheetah? 
Would you rather have a magic bicycle that flies or own a robot? 
Would you rather lick the bottom of your shoe or lick the big toe of a stranger? 
Would you rather never eat salty food again or never eat sweet food again? 
Would you rather be able to see things that are very far away, like binoculars, or be able to see things very close up, like a microscope? 
Would you rather have eyes that change color depending on your mood or hair that changes color depending on the temperature? 
Would you rather have an extra finger or an extra toe? 
Would you rather be able to fly or become invisible? 
Would you rather have a tail like a dog or wings that can’t fly? 
Would you rather every vegetable you eat taste like candy or all water you drink taste like your favorite soft drink? 
Would you rather live without a gaming console or without your phone? 
Would you rather have a head the size of a tennis ball or have a head the size of a watermelon? 
Would you rather be able to breathe underwater or walk on water? 
Would you rather swim in Jell-O or swim in Nutella? 
Would you rather be able to shrink down to the size of an ant or grow to the size of an elephant? 
Would you rather be able to talk to cats or to dogs? 
Would you rather have everything you draw become real or become a superhero of your choice? 
Would you rather sneeze Jelly Beans, or have you tears be chocolate flavored? 
Would you rather never have to shower again or never brush your teeth again? 
Would you rather have grass for hair or cucumber for a nose? 
Would you rather have to sing instead of speaking or dance instead of walking? 
Would you rather live in the clouds or underwater? 
Would you rather have the feet of a duck or the hands of a hamster? 
Would you rather be unable to wash your hair for a month or shave your legs for a month? 
Would you rather stub all your toes once a week or lose one thumb? 
Would you rather eat spaghetti with a spoon or eat pizza with chopsticks? 
Would you rather live in the Game of Thrones universe or live in The Walking Dead universe? 
Would you rather lick and seal 1.000 envelopes or fold 1.000 pieces of laundry? 
Would you rather live in a homeless shelter with free Wifi or live in a beautiful mansion isolated from any outside contact? 
Would you rather burp confetti or fart glitter? 
Would you rather only use Reddit for the rest of your life or only use Youtube for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather visit the international space station for a week or stay in an underwater hotel for a week? 
Would you rather get paid for reading books or watching TV? 
Would you rather have no eyebrows or no eyelashes? 
Would you rather never be able to watch Netflix or Youtube again? 
Would you rather never get a haircut again or never dye your hair again? 
Would you rather control your dreams or watch them the next day? 
Would you rather be popular or super smart? 
Would you rather always have all of your shirts one size too small or two sizes too big? 
Would you rather get completely drunk after one alcoholic drink or never be able to get drunk? 
Would you rather make farting sounds every time you walk or smell like farts every time you yawn? 
Would you rather take cold showers every day for the rest of your life or eat only cold food for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather try to survive in the desert with your friends or live with your friends in a reality TV house with really dumb cast members for 5 years? 
Would you rather have the brightness on your phone stuck on low, or the volume on your phone stuck on low? 
Would you rather post an embarrassing, drunken picture of you to your Instagram story that your crush sees, or send your crush an embarrassing direct message? 
Would you rather be your family’s cat or a stray cat? 
Would you rather have a lifetime subscription to Netflix or an unlimited gift card to Starbucks? 
Would you rather have 10 children or no children at all? 
Would you rather never have to tie your shoes again or never have to untangle headphone wires again? 
Would you rather have no family or have no friends? 
Would you rather give up your phone for a year or only wear Crocs for a year? 
Would you rather the world be taken over by aliens or by robots? 
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day? 
Would you rather go on a double date with your parents or with your partner’s parents? 
Would you rather live with no electronics or live with no friends? 
Would you rather have horrible acne that is only on areas covered with clothing or moderate acne that’s only on your face? 
Would you rather wake up in your underwear in class or wake up in your underwear at a family party? 
Would you rather always be overdressed or always be underdressed? 
Would you rather never be able to use a mirror (also front-facing camera) again or never be able to use your phone again? 
Would you rather get diarrhea on a first date or run into your parents on a first date? 
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing, they must fight to the death? 

